{"success":true,"data":{"specs":{"Material":"100% Cotton","Sizes":"S, M, L, XL","Colors":"Black, White, Gray","Weight":"0.25kg","Unit Price":"15.80 CNY","Fabric Type":"Premium Cotton Fiber","Elasticity":"Natural stretch","Breathability":"Excellent moisture-wicking","Stock Status":"In stock / Ready to ship"},"description":"Experience the ultimate combination of comfort and professional quality with our Premium 100 percent Cotton Essential T-Shirt. Crafted from high-grade natural cotton fibers, this garment is specifically designed for businesses and premium customers who prioritize fabric integrity and long-term durability. The material is 100 percent cotton, ensuring a soft hand feel that is gentle on the skin while providing superior breathability for all-day wear. Each piece weighs approximately 0.25kg, offering a substantial yet lightweight texture that signifies high-quality construction without being overly heavy. The sizing range includes S, M, L, and XL, catering to a wide demographic with a standard fit that maintains its shape. Technically, the fabric has undergone pre-shrinking treatments to ensure minimal shrinkage after washing, and the color fastness is rated for professional standards to prevent fading. This product is an ideal choice for e-commerce platforms such as Shopee, TikTok Shop, and Amazon, where customer reviews depend heavily on the tactile quality and true-to-size fit of the apparel. The minimalist design in classic colors like Black, White, and Gray makes it a versatile staple for any wardrobe or a perfect canvas for custom branding. At a wholesale price of 15.80 CNY, this item offers an exceptional price-to-quality ratio for retailers looking to build a loyal customer base. Our manufacturing process focuses on high needle counts to ensure a smooth surface and resistance to pilling. Whether you are looking for a reliable supply source for your boutique or a high-volume stock for a global marketplace, this 100 percent cotton tee meets all technical specifications for premium garment retail. Order now to secure your inventory from our ready-to-ship stock and provide your clients with the comfort of professional-grade cotton apparel.","titles":["Premium 100% Cotton Essential T-Shirt - Breathable & Soft Wholesale Tee","Wholesale High-Quality 100% Cotton Short Sleeve Top - S to XL Sizes","Luxury 100% Cotton Lightweight T-Shirt 0.25kg - Professional Grade","Minimalist 100% Cotton Tee for E-commerce - Durable & Anti-Pilling","Direct Factory 100% Cotton Plain T-Shirt - Premium Quality Wholesale"],"category":"Apparel & Accessories > Tops > T-Shirts","keywords":["100% Cotton T-shirt","Wholesale Apparel","Premium Cotton Tee","Breathable Fabric","Moisture-wicking Top","S-XL Cotton Shirt","Lightweight T-shirt 0.25kg","1688 Source Clothing","E-commerce Best Seller","Durable Cotton Fabric","Anti-pilling Tee","Professional Grade Apparel","Customizable Cotton Top"]}}